here's three abilities to make life
safer the ability to hold your body
weight with just your fingers walls
typically don't have a bar to grab at
the top so finger strength really helps
and even if there was a bar at the top
sometimes the wall is high enough that
only your fingers can reach and next the
hamstring flexibility to kick somebody
in the face I don't plan on kicking
anyone in the face but hey sometimes the
wall is too high to climb and you have
to stand and fight or you could run and
lastly the ankle strength to be able to
hang all of your body weight by just
your feet if you can do that your ankles
are most likely not going to be easily
injured so why not train it stay flexy